feat: add support for Angular v11 (follow up) (#120)
angular-schule/angular-cli-ghpages: README.md

A detailed changelog is available in the [releases](https://github.com/angular-schule/angular-cli-ghpages/releases) section.

**⚠️ BREAKING CHANGE (v1)**

Starting with version 1 the option `--configuration` was renamed to `--build-target`.

BEFORE (_does not work_):

```
ng deploy --configuration=test
```

NOW:

```
ng deploy --build-target=test
```

If you use the old syntax, you will probably receive the following error:

> An unhandled exception occurred: Configuration 'test' is not set in the workspace.

<br>

> **🐙 GitHub Actions** is now a first citizen alongside Travis CI and CircleCi. The token `GITHUB_TOKEN` is now supported. Learn everything you need to know in the following article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**🐙 GitHub Actions** is now properly supported alongside Travis CI and CircleCi. The token `GITHUB_TOKEN` is also supported. Learn everything you need to know in the following article.
```

The Google guide for inclusive documentation discourages the use of "first-class citizen": https://developers.google.com/style/inclusive-documentation#features-and-users

Author: Good to know! 👍

See the option [--cname](#cname) for more information!

#### --build-target <a name="build-target"></a>

- **optional**
- Default: `undefined` (string)
- Example:

>   - `ng deploy` – Angular project is build in `production` mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `ng deploy` – Angular project is built in `production` mode
```

  - `ng deploy --build-target=test` – Angular project is using the build configuration `test` (this configuration must exist in the `angular.json` file)

> If no buildTarget is set, the `production` build of the default project will be chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no `buildTarget` is set, the `production` build of the default project will be chosen.
```

The `buildTarget` simply points to an existing build configuration for your project, as specified in the `configurations` section of `angular.json`.
Most projects have a default configuration and a production configuration (commonly activated by using the `--prod` flag) but it is possible to specify as many build configurations as needed.

> This is equivalent as calling the command `ng build --configuration=XXX`."  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is equivalent to calling the command `ng build --configuration=XXX`.
```

Skip build process during deployment.
This can be used when you are sure that you haven't changed anything and want to deploy with the latest artifact.

> This command causes the `--configuration` setting to have no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command causes the `--buildTarget` setting to have no effect.
```

No?

Author: Thanks!
